README.md, before:

# mkt-africa
This repository contains documentation and source files for a review of research on mathematical knowledge for teaching (MKT) in Africa. The repository has two primary purposes: 1) to ensure transparency and credibility of an ongoing literature review by making all source files available, and 2) to share source files for inspiration to future literature reviews. 

The manuscript included is a draft version of a manuscript that has been submitted to African Journal of Teacher Education and Development (https://ajoted.org). Please contact the repository owner about proper reference! 

All files have been created and edited in GNU Emacs. Most of the files are org-mode files, and these documents will render best if opened in Emacs (although it is perfectly possible to view them in the browser or other text editors). Notice that there are two Bibtex-files with references. The file named mktafrica.bib includes all publications that were considered in the literature review (including those that were eventually excluded from the review), whereas the references.bib file only includes the references used in the manuscript.

Commit message:

Updated with citation for published article

README.md, after:

# mkt-africa
This repository contains documentation and source files for a review of research on mathematical knowledge for teaching (MKT) in Africa. The repository has two primary purposes: 1) to ensure transparency and credibility of an ongoing literature review by making all source files available, and 2) to share source files for inspiration to future literature reviews. 

All files have been created and edited in GNU Emacs. Most of the files are org-mode files, and these documents will render best if opened in Emacs (although it is perfectly possible to view them in the browser or other text editors). Notice that there are two Bibtex-files with references. The file named mktafrica.bib includes all publications that were considered in the literature review (including those that were eventually excluded from the review), whereas the references.bib file only includes the references used in the manuscript. 

The manuscript included is the draft version of the manuscript that was submitted to African Journal of Teacher Education and Development (https://ajoted.org), and that is now published in this journal. 

Citation:

Mosvold, R. (2022). Mathematical knowledge for teaching in Africa 2014–2021: A review of literature. African Journal of Teacher Education and Development, 1(1), a10. https://doi.org/10.4102/ajoted.v1i1.10
